add antrea network requirement doc (#2098)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/getting-started.md

flag.

As for OVS, when using the built-in kernel module, kernel version >= 4.6 is
required, please be aware that `vport-stt` module is not shipped in built-in kernel module,

> please load it manually before STT tunnel is enabled.

Reviewer: STT is rarely used. Better not to add its requirement here to avoid bothering most users. Maybe append it after "In case a node does not have a supported OVS module installed, you can install it following the instructions at: [Installing Open vSwitch]".

In case a node does not have a supported OVS module installed,
you can install it following the instructions at:
[Installing Open vSwitch](https://docs.openvswitch.org/en/latest/intro/install).

> Please be aware that `vport-stt` module is not in the Linux tree and needs to be

Reviewer 2: that *the* `vport-stt` module...

> please load it manually if STT tunnel is enabled.

Reviewer 2: I think you mean that the kernel module is not in the Linux tree and needs to be built from source. IMO, it's different from a built-in kernel module which is a module which is automatically part of the kernel. For example the openvswitch kernel module is in-tree but is not built-in.

Author: yes, I will update with more precise description.

> built from source, please build and load it manually before STT tunnel is enabled.

Reviewer 2: before STT *tunneling* is enabled

encountered when running Antrea on specific OSes are documented
[here](os-issues.md).

> There are also a few network prerequisites need to be satisified, and it depends on the tunnel mode you choose, please check [network requirements](./network-requirements.md).

Reviewer: wrap the line as other contents do?

encountered when running Antrea on specific OSes are documented
[here](os-issues.md).

> There are also a few network prerequisites need to be satisified, and it depends

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are also a few network prerequisites which need to be satisfied, and they depend
```
